site/content/irbdocs/index.md, before:

---
title: Institutional Review Board Documents
image: 
bgcolor: "#00b894"
subtitle: Way To Health specific documents & templates for IRB submission
introduction: All research studies need to submit documentation around the appropriate policies and procedures implemented to protect the rights and welfare of humans participating as subjects in the research. To accomplish this purpose, IRBs use a group process to review research protocols and related materials (e.g., informed consent documents and investigator brochures) to ensure protection of the rights and welfare of human subjects of research. For research studies using the Way To Health platform, we have prepared a set of documents and templates to accompany the submission. 
irb:
  docs:
    - name: Way to Health Summary of Data Protections
      description: > 
        To outline what type of data is collected through Way To Health and how it is stored and secured
      link: /files/WTH.Summary.of.Data.Protections.6.16.docx
      link2:
    - name: Way to Health External Partner Privacy
      description: >
        Describe how study data and PHI are managed with external partners by the Way to Health platform 
      link: /files/WTH.External.Partner.Privacy.7.17.docx
      link2:      
    - name: Way to Health Database Security Protocol
      description: >
        To outline the process for keeping participant PHI secure on Way To Health servers. 
      link: /files/WTH.Database.Security.Protocol.6.16.docx
      link2:
    - name: Way to Health Content and Messaging 
      description: >
        **Template** to show the IRB the wording and content that a participant will see for each enrollment step, content on their study dashboard, and the automated feedback messaging. Please update with specific study design as appropriate.
      link: /files/WTH.Content.and.Messaging.documentation example.June.2017.docx
      link2:
    - name: Study Protocol for IRB Submission 
      description: >
        **Template** for study protocol outline that is submitted to the IRB for approval, including study design, analysis plan, risks/benefits for participation, inclusion/exclusion criteria, etc.  Final IRB approval must be obtained prior to recruiting study participants. Please update with specific study design as appropriate.
      link: /files/IRB.Template.docx
      link2:
    - name: Way to Health Team Access to Study Data
      description: >
        Policy to share with the IRB: The Way to Health Team supports all research studies run on the platform. Default views within the platform for all WTH staff display de-identified participant data. As a part of support and troubleshooting, the WTH team is trained to use only these de-identified views. In rare cases where the issue involves viewing identifiable participant data, the WTH team may need to view this data to assist the study team.
      link:
      link2:
    - name: Informed Consent 
      description: >
        To ensure that study participants understand and are willing to participate in your study. Prospective participants in your research study must understand the purpose, the procedures, the potential risks and benefits of their involvement, and their alternatives to participation. WTH now offers on platform signatures using a mouse or the participant can sign with their finger on touch screen devices. This can be configured to be added to the end of a consent internal survey. Please contact your Way To Health account manager for more information or check the user guide for more details. 
      link: /files/Informed.Consent.example.210.10.17.docx
      link2: /files/Informed.Consent.for.Study.Teams.10.10.17.docx
---

Commit message:

Updated IRB docs
New docs
Link is now live

site/content/irbdocs/index.md, after:

---
title: Institutional Review Board Documents
image: 
bgcolor: "#00b894"
subtitle: Way To Health specific documents & templates for IRB submission
introduction: All research studies need to submit documentation around the appropriate policies and procedures implemented to protect the rights and welfare of humans participating as subjects in the research. To accomplish this, IRBs use a group process to review research protocols and related materials (e.g., informed consent documents and investigator brochures) to ensure protection of the rights and welfare of human subjects of research. For research studies using the Way To Health platform, we have prepared a set of documents and templates to accompany the submission. 
irb:
  docs:
    - name: Way to Health Summary of Data Protections
      description: > 
        This document outlines how Protected Health Information is stored, secured and accessed on the Way to Health platform.
      link: /files/W2H.Summary.of.Data.Protections.docx
      link2:
    - name: Sample Documents for Way to Health Studies
      description: >
        **Template:** This document provides a sample IRB protocol for a study using Way to Health. It includes details such as study design, recruitment strategies and examples of informed consent. 
      link: /files/IRB.sample.docs.for.studies.using.W2H.docx
      link2:      
    - name: Way to Health Content and Messaging Template
      description: >
        **Template:** This document provides a framework for clearly defining wording and content that the participant will see for each enrollment step, content of their study dashboard, and the automated feedback messaging. Update with specific study content as appropriate. 
      link: /files/W2H.content.and.messaging.TEMPLATE.docx
      link2:
---
