site/content/team/index.md, before:

---
title: Meet the team
image: /img/bg/philly1.jpg
subtitle: The team guiding and delivering Way To Health's vision and execution
leadership:
  member:
    - name: Mohan Balachandran
      title: COO
      twitter: mohan2020
      linkedin: mohanbalachandran
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo1.jpg
      pic: /img/team/balachandran.png
      text: >
        Mohan currently leads the Way to Health team. He is an engineer by training, passionate about healthcare, data and technology. He is a firm believer in “connecting the dots.” He co-founded Datica to help bring change to healthcare, and spent four years guiding the company before moving onto new opportunities. <br><br>
        He has substantial experience in multiple domains such as supply chain management, master data management, oncology, revenue cycle management, mobile technologies, cloud based software, cybersecurity and compliance. He is a YCombinator Summer 2012 alum.
    - name: Michael Kopinsky
      title: Engineering Lead
      twitter: mkopinsky
      linkedin: mkopinsky
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo3.jpg
      pic: /img/team/kopinsky.jpg
      text: >
        Michael Kopinsky leads the Way to Health engineering team. He is passionate about building high quality software and teams, and has been doing so here at Penn/Way to Health since 2014 when he moved to Philadelphia.<br><br>Prior to joining the team, Michael worked for the Department of Pathology at Montefiore Medical Center, building systems to better integrate the laboratory with the clinical setting. Michael received his bachelor's degree in bioengineering at the University of Pennsylvania, and a certificate in Clinical Informatics at Oregon Health and Science University.
    - name: Christianne Sevinc
      title: Operations Lead
      twitter: 
      linkedin: christianne-sevinc-0982b911 
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo8.jpg
      pic: /img/team/sevinc.jpg
      text: >
        Christianne Sevinc is an application analyst at the Penn Medicine Center for Health Care Innovation.  In this role, Christianne provides leadership and direction to ensure the overall success of the Way to Health platform. She also serves as a liaison for research and clinical teams using the platform.<br><br>Prior to joining the team, Christianne worked as a program manager at Public Health Management Corporation. Her work centered around applying shared services principles in the early care and education industry. Christianne received her bachelor’s degree in political science from Dickinson College and a master’s degree in public health from Drexel University.
engineering:
  member:
    - name: Conor Lydon
      title: Software Developer
      twitter: 
      linkedin: lydonc
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo5.jpg
      pic: /img/team/lydon.jpg
      text: >
        Conor Lydon is an Associate Software Developer at the Penn Medicine Center for Health Care Innovation. His role includes advancing the Way To Health platform with quality features and robust architecture. Prior to joining the team, Conor received his Bachelor's of Science majoring in Computer Science at Wentworth Institute of Technology in Boston, MA. <br/><br/><br/>
    - name: Kyle McGrogan
      title: Software Developer
      twitter: mcgrogan91
      linkedin: kylemcgrogan
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo6.jpg
      pic: /img/team/mcgrogan.jpg
      text: >
        Kyle McGrogan is a software developer for the Way to Health team. In this role, he works to maintain and improve the platform through the use and adoption of best practices and interesting technologies. He has a bachelors degree in software engineering from Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania, and has worked for multiple organizations in the healthcare space.
    - name: Benjamin Rosenbach
      title: Software Developer
      twitter: FreshRegular
      linkedin: ben-rosenbach-533b80a
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo7.jpg
      pic: /img/team/rosenbach.jpg
      text: >
        Ben is a software engineer with a particular passion for web development. He believes it presents the greatest opportunity for new and unique ways of interaction with users. He feels that he is at his dream job because he's constantly challenged to be as creative as possible and also given an opportunity to explore new technologies. He has a bachelors degree in Computer Software Engineering from Drexel University and has worked with multiple organizations in the software development and engineering space.
    - name: Aaron Leitner
      title: Software Developer
      twitter: 
      linkedin: aleitner 
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo4.jpg
      pic: /img/team/leitner.jpg
      text: >
        Aaron Leitner is a software developer at the Penn Medicine Center for Health Care Innovation. In this role, Aaron works to improve and maintain the Way to Health platform. Prior to joining the team, Aaron worked for a number of startups specializing in web and mobile development. Aaron received his bachelor’s degree in environmental studies from Ursinus College and is currently working towards a Master’s in Health Informatics at Drexel University.        
implementation:
  member:
    - name: Stephanie Brown 
      title: Clinical Operations
      twitter: 
      linkedin: snb42
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo10.jpg
      pic: /img/team/brown.jpeg
      text: >
        Stephanie is the Way to Health Clinical Operations Specialist at the Center for Health Initiatives and Behavioral Economics. She is responsible for collaborating with clinical project teams to develop protocols geared towards increasing positive clinical outcomes and leads teams. Stephanie has worked in both private and public practice clinical settings addressing health disparities as a program assistant, chronic disease care manager and patient-centered medical home coordinator. <br/> <br/>Stephanie received her bachelor’s degree in psychology, with a minor in biology and corporate and public relations from Drexel University and is currently pursuing a Master’s in Public Health from the University of Pennsylvania.        
advisory:
  role: Advisory Board
  member:
    - name: David Asch, MD, MBA
      title: Executive Director, Center for Healthcare Innovation
      twitter:
      linkedin: david-asch-390a378
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo12.jpg
      pic: /img/team/asch.jpg
      text: >
        David Asch is the executive director of the Penn Medicine Center for Health Care Innovation and the director of the Robert Wood Johnson Clinical Scholars Program and the National Clinician Scholars Program. He is the John Morgan professor of medicine and medical ethics and health policy at the Perelman School of Medicine, and a professor of health care management and operations, information and decisions at the Wharton School.<br><br>David's research aims to understand and improve how physicians and patients make medical choices, including the adoption of new pharmaceuticals or medical technologies, the purchase of health or life insurance, and personal health behaviors. His research combines elements of economic analysis with moral and psychological theory and marketing in the field now called behavioral economics. He is the author of more than 300 published papers. <br><br>Nationally, he has received best paper of the year awards from the Society for Medical Decision Making, the Society of General Internal Medicine, the American Risk and Insurance Association, the British Medical Journal, the American Journal of Public Health, and AcademyHealth.  Dr. Asch received the Alice Hersh New Investigator Award from AcademyHealth (1997), the Outstanding Investigator Award from the American Federation for Medical Research (1999), the Research Mentorship Award from the Society of General Internal Medicine (2004), the VA Under Secretary’s Award for Outstanding Achievement in Health Services Research (2008), the Alpha Omega Alpha Robert J. Glaser Distinguished Teacher Award from the Association of American Medical Colleges (2009), and the John M. Eisenberg National Award for Career Achievement in Research from the Society of General Internal Medicine (2010). He is an elected member of the Association of American Physicians and the National Academy of Medicine. <br><br>David received his bachelor’s degree from Harvard University, his medical degree from Weill-Cornell Medical College, and his MBA in health care management and decision sciences from the Wharton School. He was a resident in internal medicine and a Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Clinical Scholar at the University of Pennsylvania.
    - name: Kevin Volpp, MD, PhD
      title: Director, Center for Healthcare Incentives & Behavioral Economics
      twitter: kevin_volpp ‏
      linkedin: kevin-volpp-3b8a1448
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo12.jpg
      pic: /img/team/volpp.jpg
      text: >
        Kevin Volpp is a co-director of the Penn Medicine Center for Health Care Innovation, the founding director of the Center for Health Incentives and Behavioral Economics at the Leonard Davis Institute of Health Economics (LDI CHIBE), director of the NIH-funded Penn CMU Roybal P30 Center in Behavioral Economics and Health, a professor of medicine at the Perelman School of Medicine, and a professor of health care Management at the Wharton School. He is also a core faculty member of the Center for Health Equity Research and Promotion (CHERP) and a board-certified practicing physician at the Philadelphia VA Medical Center.<br><br> Kevin's research focuses on the impact of financial and organizational incentives on health outcomes. His work has been published in journals such as the New England Journal of Medicine, the Journal of the American Medical Association, and Health Affairs and has been covered by media outlets such as the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, the Los Angeles Times, Good Morning America, the BBC, National Public Radio, Time, U.S. News and World Report, USA Today, Der Spiegel, and Australian National Radio. A recent intervention study on financial incentives and smoking cessation among employees at General Electric resulted in a tripling of long-term smoking cessation rates and implementation of a program based on this approach nationally among all 152,000 GE employees in the U.S. and was the winner of the 2010 British Medical Journal Group Award for Translating Research into Practice.<br><br>Kevin’s work has been recognized by the John Thompson Prize from the Association of University Programs in Health Administration; the Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers (PECASE), an award presented at the White House as the highest honor given by the U.S. government to early career scientists; the Outstanding Junior Investigator of the Year Award from the Society of General Internal Medicine; the Alice S. Hersh New Investigator Award from AcademyHealth; Time Magazine’s 2009 A-Z “Advances in Health” list for work on Incentives – letter “I”; and was cited for the most outstanding research paper of the year in 2010 from the Society of General Internal Medicine. <br><br>Kevin is an elected member of several honorary societies including the Institute of Medicine, National Academy of Sciences (IOM); the Association of American Physicians (AAP), and the American Society of Clinical Investigation (ASCI). He has also served as an advisor to a number of organizations including the Veterans Administration, the Accreditation Council of Graduate Medical Education (ACGME), the National Institutes of Health, CVS Caremark, Ascension Health, and McKinsey and is a member of the editorial board of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
    - name: Roy Rosin, MBA
      title: Chief Innovation Officer, Penn Medicine
      twitter:
      linkedin: royrosin
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo12.jpg
      pic: /img/team/rosin.jpg
      text: >
        Roy Rosin is the chief innovation officer at Penn Medicine, where he works with thought leaders from across the health system to turn ideas into measurable impact in the areas of health outcomes, patient experience, and new revenue streams. <br><br>Previously, Roy served as the first vice president of innovation for Intuit, a leading software company best known for Quicken, QuickBooks and TurboTax.  In this role, he led changes in how Intuit manages new business creation, allowing small teams pursuing new opportunities to get to market and experiment rapidly.<br><br>Roy also built innovation programs that dramatically increased entrepreneurial activity, with annual new releases increasing from five per year to 30, while time to market decreased from one year to a few months. After five years of Intuit's new approach to growth, the company had delivered shareholder returns of three times Google and 33 times the S&P 500.<br><br>Roy received his MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business and graduated with honors from Harvard College.
    - name: Shivan Mehta, MD, MBA, MSHP
      title: Associate Chief Innovation Officer, Penn Medicine
      twitter: Shivan_Mehta
      linkedin: shivanjmehta
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo13.jpg
      pic: /img/team/mehta.jpg
      text: >
        Shivan Mehta is a gastroenterologist and the associate chief innovation officer at Penn Medicine. He is also an assistant professor of medicine at the Perelman School of Medicine, senior fellow at the Leonard Davis Institute of Health Economics, and affiliated faculty at the Center for Health Incentives and Behavioral Economics, all at the University of Pennsylvania.<br><br>Shivan leads the operating team at the Penn Medicine Center for Health Care Innovation to develop, test, and implement new health care delivery interventions across the University of Pennsylvania Health System (UPHS).  Shivan also conducts health services research looking at how health care systems can leverage behavioral economics, design thinking, and information technology to improve population health through medication adherence and cancer screening.<br><br>Shivan received his bachelor’s degree in economics from Yale University, his medical degree and master’s in health policy research from the University of Pennsylvania, and his MBA in health care management from the Wharton School. He was a resident in internal medicine at New York Presbyterian Hospital/Columbia and a fellow in gastroenterology at UPHS.
    - name: Mitesh Patel, MD, MBA, MS
      title: Director, Nudge Unit
      twitter: miteshspatel
      linkedin: miteshspatel
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo14.jpg
      pic: /img/team/patel.jpg
      text: >
        Mitesh is the director of the Penn Medicine Nudge Unit, a faculty member at the Penn Medicine Center for Health Care Innovation and the Center for Health Incentives and Behavioral Economics, and a staff physician at the Philadelphia VA Medical Center.  Mitesh is also an assistant professor of medicine at the Perelman School of Medicine and an assistant professor of health care management at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.<br><br>Mitesh's research leverages concepts from behavioral economics to design connected health approaches to improve individual health behaviors. He has led several randomized, controlled trials that used wearable devices, smartphone applications, and workplace weight scales to track health behaviors.  These studies evaluate interventions designed using financial and social incentives to change health behaviors.  His work also evaluates how information technology-based interventions can be designed to use concepts from behavioral economics change physician behaviors to reduce low-value services and increase the delivery of high-value care.
---

    - name: John Bergandino
      title: Software Developer
      twitter: 
      linkedin: johnbergandino
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo2.jpg
      pic: /img/team/bergandino.jpg
      text: >
        John is a software developer. He collaborates with the department’s faculty and research staff to build cutting-edge technical features on a multitude of medical research projects. Prior to joining the University of Pennsylvania, John spent 6 months backpacking throughout Australia and a few years working in the Fortune 500 global supply chain industry.
    - name: Devon Taylor
      title: Research Operations
      twitter: devonhtaylor
      linkedin: devon-taylor-mph-43b8177a
      bgpic: /img/photos/photo34.jpg
      pic: /img/team/taylor.jpg
      text: >
        Devon Taylor is the Way to Health Operations Specialist at the Center for Health Initiatives and Behavioral Economics. Devon used the Way to Health platform for study and patient management and gained extensive experience building and managing various studies prior to joining the Way to Health team full time in March 2016. She consults with research and clinical project teams to determine project feasibility, refine protocols, and increase project quality by assisting teams in the building and testing of platforms. <br><br>Devon received her bachelor’s degree in biology from Lehigh University and graduated with a Master’s in Public Health from the University of Pennsylvania.

Commit message:

A few updates
- Trying out additional tags in case studies
- Team updates: remove john and devon. Add neda

site/content/team/index.md, after:

---
title: Meet the team
image: /img/bg/philly1.jpg
subtitle: The team guiding and delivering Way To Health's vision and execution
leadership:
  member:
    - name: Mohan Balachandran
      title: COO
      twitter: mohan2020
      linkedin: mohanbalachandran
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo1.jpg
      pic: /img/team/balachandran.png
      text: >
        Mohan currently leads the Way to Health team. He is an engineer by training, passionate about healthcare, data and technology. He is a firm believer in “connecting the dots.” He co-founded Datica to help bring change to healthcare, and spent four years guiding the company before moving onto new opportunities. <br><br>
        He has substantial experience in multiple domains such as supply chain management, master data management, oncology, revenue cycle management, mobile technologies, cloud based software, cybersecurity and compliance. He is a YCombinator Summer 2012 alum.
    - name: Michael Kopinsky
      title: Engineering Lead
      twitter: mkopinsky
      linkedin: mkopinsky
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo3.jpg
      pic: /img/team/kopinsky.jpg
      text: >
        Michael Kopinsky leads the Way to Health engineering team. He is passionate about building high quality software and teams, and has been doing so here at Penn/Way to Health since 2014 when he moved to Philadelphia.<br><br>Prior to joining the team, Michael worked for the Department of Pathology at Montefiore Medical Center, building systems to better integrate the laboratory with the clinical setting. Michael received his bachelor's degree in bioengineering at the University of Pennsylvania, and a certificate in Clinical Informatics at Oregon Health and Science University.
    - name: Christianne Sevinc
      title: Operations Lead
      twitter: 
      linkedin: christianne-sevinc-0982b911 
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo8.jpg
      pic: /img/team/sevinc.jpg
      text: >
        Christianne Sevinc is an application analyst at the Penn Medicine Center for Health Care Innovation.  In this role, Christianne provides leadership and direction to ensure the overall success of the Way to Health platform. She also serves as a liaison for research and clinical teams using the platform.<br><br>Prior to joining the team, Christianne worked as a program manager at Public Health Management Corporation. Her work centered around applying shared services principles in the early care and education industry. Christianne received her bachelor’s degree in political science from Dickinson College and a master’s degree in public health from Drexel University.
engineering:
  member:
    - name: Conor Lydon
      title: Software Developer
      twitter: 
      linkedin: lydonc
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo5.jpg
      pic: /img/team/lydon.jpg
      text: >
        Conor Lydon is an Associate Software Developer at the Penn Medicine Center for Health Care Innovation. His role includes advancing the Way To Health platform with quality features and robust architecture. Prior to joining the team, Conor received his Bachelor's of Science majoring in Computer Science at Wentworth Institute of Technology in Boston, MA. <br/><br/><br/>
    - name: Kyle McGrogan
      title: Software Developer
      twitter: mcgrogan91
      linkedin: kylemcgrogan
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo6.jpg
      pic: /img/team/mcgrogan.jpg
      text: >
        Kyle McGrogan is a software developer for the Way to Health team. In this role, he works to maintain and improve the platform through the use and adoption of best practices and interesting technologies. He has a bachelors degree in software engineering from Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania, and has worked for multiple organizations in the healthcare space.
    - name: Benjamin Rosenbach
      title: Software Developer
      twitter: FreshRegular
      linkedin: ben-rosenbach-533b80a
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo7.jpg
      pic: /img/team/rosenbach.jpg
      text: >
        Ben is a software engineer with a particular passion for web development. He believes it presents the greatest opportunity for new and unique ways of interaction with users. He feels that he is at his dream job because he's constantly challenged to be as creative as possible and also given an opportunity to explore new technologies. He has a bachelors degree in Computer Software Engineering from Drexel University and has worked with multiple organizations in the software development and engineering space.
    - name: Aaron Leitner
      title: Software Developer
      twitter: 
      linkedin: aleitner 
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo4.jpg
      pic: /img/team/leitner.jpg
      text: >
        Aaron Leitner is a software developer at the Penn Medicine Center for Health Care Innovation. In this role, Aaron works to improve and maintain the Way to Health platform. Prior to joining the team, Aaron worked for a number of startups specializing in web and mobile development. Aaron received his bachelor’s degree in environmental studies from Ursinus College and is currently working towards a Master’s in Health Informatics at Drexel University.        
implementation:
  member:
    - name: Stephanie Brown 
      title: Clinical Operations
      twitter: 
      linkedin: snb42
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo10.jpg
      pic: /img/team/brown.jpeg
      text: >
        Stephanie is the Way to Health Clinical Operations Specialist at the Center for Health Initiatives and Behavioral Economics. She is responsible for collaborating with clinical project teams to develop protocols geared towards increasing positive clinical outcomes and leads teams. Stephanie has worked in both private and public practice clinical settings addressing health disparities as a program assistant, chronic disease care manager and patient-centered medical home coordinator. <br/> <br/>Stephanie received her bachelor’s degree in psychology, with a minor in biology and corporate and public relations from Drexel University and is currently pursuing a Master’s in Public Health from the University of Pennsylvania.
    - name: Neda Khan 
      title: Research Operations
      twitter: 
      linkedin: neda-khan-946672100
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo12.jpg
      pic: /img/team/neda.png
      text: >
        Neda is a Way to Health Applications Specialist for the Center for Health Initiatives and Behavioral Economics. She works with research teams to design, implement, and support their behavioral health intervention studies on the Way to Health platform. Prior to working with Way to Health, she was a clinical research coordinator under Dr. Peter Reese’s Lab. <br/> <br/>She managed a behavioral health clinical trial to encourage kidney stone patients to drink more water. She received her Bachelor’s degree from Drexel University in Biological Sciences with a minor in Psychology.
advisory:
  role: Advisory Board
  member:
    - name: David Asch, MD, MBA
      title: Executive Director, Center for Healthcare Innovation
      twitter:
      linkedin: david-asch-390a378
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo12.jpg
      pic: /img/team/asch.jpg
      text: >
        David Asch is the executive director of the Penn Medicine Center for Health Care Innovation and the director of the Robert Wood Johnson Clinical Scholars Program and the National Clinician Scholars Program. He is the John Morgan professor of medicine and medical ethics and health policy at the Perelman School of Medicine, and a professor of health care management and operations, information and decisions at the Wharton School.<br><br>David's research aims to understand and improve how physicians and patients make medical choices, including the adoption of new pharmaceuticals or medical technologies, the purchase of health or life insurance, and personal health behaviors. His research combines elements of economic analysis with moral and psychological theory and marketing in the field now called behavioral economics. He is the author of more than 300 published papers. <br><br>Nationally, he has received best paper of the year awards from the Society for Medical Decision Making, the Society of General Internal Medicine, the American Risk and Insurance Association, the British Medical Journal, the American Journal of Public Health, and AcademyHealth.  Dr. Asch received the Alice Hersh New Investigator Award from AcademyHealth (1997), the Outstanding Investigator Award from the American Federation for Medical Research (1999), the Research Mentorship Award from the Society of General Internal Medicine (2004), the VA Under Secretary’s Award for Outstanding Achievement in Health Services Research (2008), the Alpha Omega Alpha Robert J. Glaser Distinguished Teacher Award from the Association of American Medical Colleges (2009), and the John M. Eisenberg National Award for Career Achievement in Research from the Society of General Internal Medicine (2010). He is an elected member of the Association of American Physicians and the National Academy of Medicine. <br><br>David received his bachelor’s degree from Harvard University, his medical degree from Weill-Cornell Medical College, and his MBA in health care management and decision sciences from the Wharton School. He was a resident in internal medicine and a Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Clinical Scholar at the University of Pennsylvania.
    - name: Kevin Volpp, MD, PhD
      title: Director, Center for Healthcare Incentives & Behavioral Economics
      twitter: kevin_volpp ‏
      linkedin: kevin-volpp-3b8a1448
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo12.jpg
      pic: /img/team/volpp.jpg
      text: >
        Kevin Volpp is a co-director of the Penn Medicine Center for Health Care Innovation, the founding director of the Center for Health Incentives and Behavioral Economics at the Leonard Davis Institute of Health Economics (LDI CHIBE), director of the NIH-funded Penn CMU Roybal P30 Center in Behavioral Economics and Health, a professor of medicine at the Perelman School of Medicine, and a professor of health care Management at the Wharton School. He is also a core faculty member of the Center for Health Equity Research and Promotion (CHERP) and a board-certified practicing physician at the Philadelphia VA Medical Center.<br><br> Kevin's research focuses on the impact of financial and organizational incentives on health outcomes. His work has been published in journals such as the New England Journal of Medicine, the Journal of the American Medical Association, and Health Affairs and has been covered by media outlets such as the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, the Los Angeles Times, Good Morning America, the BBC, National Public Radio, Time, U.S. News and World Report, USA Today, Der Spiegel, and Australian National Radio. A recent intervention study on financial incentives and smoking cessation among employees at General Electric resulted in a tripling of long-term smoking cessation rates and implementation of a program based on this approach nationally among all 152,000 GE employees in the U.S. and was the winner of the 2010 British Medical Journal Group Award for Translating Research into Practice.<br><br>Kevin’s work has been recognized by the John Thompson Prize from the Association of University Programs in Health Administration; the Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers (PECASE), an award presented at the White House as the highest honor given by the U.S. government to early career scientists; the Outstanding Junior Investigator of the Year Award from the Society of General Internal Medicine; the Alice S. Hersh New Investigator Award from AcademyHealth; Time Magazine’s 2009 A-Z “Advances in Health” list for work on Incentives – letter “I”; and was cited for the most outstanding research paper of the year in 2010 from the Society of General Internal Medicine. <br><br>Kevin is an elected member of several honorary societies including the Institute of Medicine, National Academy of Sciences (IOM); the Association of American Physicians (AAP), and the American Society of Clinical Investigation (ASCI). He has also served as an advisor to a number of organizations including the Veterans Administration, the Accreditation Council of Graduate Medical Education (ACGME), the National Institutes of Health, CVS Caremark, Ascension Health, and McKinsey and is a member of the editorial board of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
    - name: Roy Rosin, MBA
      title: Chief Innovation Officer, Penn Medicine
      twitter:
      linkedin: royrosin
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo12.jpg
      pic: /img/team/rosin.jpg
      text: >
        Roy Rosin is the chief innovation officer at Penn Medicine, where he works with thought leaders from across the health system to turn ideas into measurable impact in the areas of health outcomes, patient experience, and new revenue streams. <br><br>Previously, Roy served as the first vice president of innovation for Intuit, a leading software company best known for Quicken, QuickBooks and TurboTax.  In this role, he led changes in how Intuit manages new business creation, allowing small teams pursuing new opportunities to get to market and experiment rapidly.<br><br>Roy also built innovation programs that dramatically increased entrepreneurial activity, with annual new releases increasing from five per year to 30, while time to market decreased from one year to a few months. After five years of Intuit's new approach to growth, the company had delivered shareholder returns of three times Google and 33 times the S&P 500.<br><br>Roy received his MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business and graduated with honors from Harvard College.
    - name: Shivan Mehta, MD, MBA, MSHP
      title: Associate Chief Innovation Officer, Penn Medicine
      twitter: Shivan_Mehta
      linkedin: shivanjmehta
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo13.jpg
      pic: /img/team/mehta.jpg
      text: >
        Shivan Mehta is a gastroenterologist and the associate chief innovation officer at Penn Medicine. He is also an assistant professor of medicine at the Perelman School of Medicine, senior fellow at the Leonard Davis Institute of Health Economics, and affiliated faculty at the Center for Health Incentives and Behavioral Economics, all at the University of Pennsylvania.<br><br>Shivan leads the operating team at the Penn Medicine Center for Health Care Innovation to develop, test, and implement new health care delivery interventions across the University of Pennsylvania Health System (UPHS).  Shivan also conducts health services research looking at how health care systems can leverage behavioral economics, design thinking, and information technology to improve population health through medication adherence and cancer screening.<br><br>Shivan received his bachelor’s degree in economics from Yale University, his medical degree and master’s in health policy research from the University of Pennsylvania, and his MBA in health care management from the Wharton School. He was a resident in internal medicine at New York Presbyterian Hospital/Columbia and a fellow in gastroenterology at UPHS.
    - name: Mitesh Patel, MD, MBA, MS
      title: Director, Nudge Unit
      twitter: miteshspatel
      linkedin: miteshspatel
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo14.jpg
      pic: /img/team/patel.jpg
      text: >
        Mitesh is the director of the Penn Medicine Nudge Unit, a faculty member at the Penn Medicine Center for Health Care Innovation and the Center for Health Incentives and Behavioral Economics, and a staff physician at the Philadelphia VA Medical Center.  Mitesh is also an assistant professor of medicine at the Perelman School of Medicine and an assistant professor of health care management at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.<br><br>Mitesh's research leverages concepts from behavioral economics to design connected health approaches to improve individual health behaviors. He has led several randomized, controlled trials that used wearable devices, smartphone applications, and workplace weight scales to track health behaviors.  These studies evaluate interventions designed using financial and social incentives to change health behaviors.  His work also evaluates how information technology-based interventions can be designed to use concepts from behavioral economics change physician behaviors to reduce low-value services and increase the delivery of high-value care.
---

    - name: John Bergandino
      title: Software Developer
      twitter: 
      linkedin: johnbergandino
      bgpic: /img/bg/photo2.jpg
      pic: /img/team/bergandino.jpg
      text: >
        John is a software developer. He collaborates with the department’s faculty and research staff to build cutting-edge technical features on a multitude of medical research projects. Prior to joining the University of Pennsylvania, John spent 6 months backpacking throughout Australia and a few years working in the Fortune 500 global supply chain industry.
    - name: Devon Taylor
      title: Research Operations
      twitter: devonhtaylor
      linkedin: devon-taylor-mph-43b8177a
      bgpic: /img/photos/photo34.jpg
      pic: /img/team/taylor.jpg
      text: >
        Devon Taylor is the Way to Health Operations Specialist at the Center for Health Initiatives and Behavioral Economics. Devon used the Way to Health platform for study and patient management and gained extensive experience building and managing various studies prior to joining the Way to Health team full time in March 2016. She consults with research and clinical project teams to determine project feasibility, refine protocols, and increase project quality by assisting teams in the building and testing of platforms. <br><br>Devon received her bachelor’s degree in biology from Lehigh University and graduated with a Master’s in Public Health from the University of Pennsylvania.
